Update virus-scanner-support.adoc (#682)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/server/virus-scanner-support.adoc

* The upload is blocked.
* The event is logged in the owncloud server log.
* The event is reported and/or logged by the client / Web UI.

> * The affected file will be deleted on the desktop by the desktop client and therefor be lost completely, as the desktop client does not support a local trashbin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The affected file will be deleted on the desktop by the desktop client and therefore be lost completely, as the desktop client does not support a local trash bin.
```
